so how do you go about marketing that so
let's move into love it here at 1:31
make sure we get all the good stuff here
in on time so you got your free courses
near talking about marketing and that
helped help the people tie all this
together now with this whole idea of
your sales funnels in the what are you
doing with these things you know how
your sales with your marketing how to
your free courses work with your sales
funnels you got into courses you got
whatever you said twenty-something
thirty-something courses on you to me at
this point how do all these pieces now
come together with his overarching see
that's the key so the system I teaches
the simplest system out that I i know it
was developed in the late 19th century
as a copy writing technique but it's
actually very good marketing online
marketing its kool aid and anyone who
knows me knows I'm little and eventually
this is the this is the principal this
is a principle when someone buys
anything for state process and if you
can match your marketing for state
process you will draw declines to you
want to buy your product and that some
attention interest desire action both in
your client's attention then you have to
develop interest then you have to
develop their desire to take action so
that's a simple marketing so then you
would match that your marketing strategy
so attention and there's two types of
marketing funnel we can talk about a new
to me there's an internal marketing
funnel and as an external most people
are not taking advantage of violence but
as to action to funnel the best
interest blog content education on your
website newsletter sign up for
additional resource desire for now 19
can develop design movement get their
attention on social media you develop
their interest on your website design
and you need to use sell offer and now
you know she on social media develop
interest to your blog 570 look which it
PDF training now don't you just give
them more education that's a really
simple outline of how you would do that
and isn't really that when people come
up with these really complex else from
all three break it down you'll see
action by my friend interest four
elements of desire for calls to action
on universal we're marching for work so
you got too much internal you mark so
great that you decide to do a really
subject
schools out there and you spent some
time you look around you look at you and
we'd because you are present
there's no awareness of students about
you don't know about you so how do we do
we need to create my company simplest
ways you got your main course free
introductory course this is as good as
ninety percent of the amount paid causes
in your sector
introductory courses you know you've
just done you've just circumvented
always looking for caution on the free
calls to make it better than most
courses a lot of time not just been
prone on that so if you just spend some
time to interact introductory course I
just got the free you to me Business
Link website later on in two weeks ago
1509 appetizer told anyone about to stop
young people come in because these
courses are naturally bring this
recourse down appetite it don't do
anything in fact do this for you because
if you know you can get a thousand
people in a monkey into a free course
people coming into the free course and
you educate educate them back to things
people misses the subject and you do
things subject you as an expert on your
education so they come in on a three
course we gonna get paid for the free
course now people are highly relevant
finding your intrested advertising and
you've got his captive audience of
people are really interesting your stuff
but this is your opportunity to some of
your expertise and this is not new but
you know we just makes it so easy
because this content marketing for a
long time you bring people back and I
think so what can you do now promotes
anything you want your services now you
courses that banks course in your free
call people who have gone for your free
course and they liked it enough to buy
these people will buy from you forever
and i can see I see their names they
come in is now his cum into bought my
free course then clusters I'm actually
delivering value and appreciate it
enough to buy my product so we've got
back hold marketing final at the way
almost anything we've got left is and so
one who buys my course encourage them to
the end he buys another course but each
of my courses which might cause classes
has a minimum of four courses in that
subject area by 10 happens everytime i
buy all those and then eventually they
drift into some of my stuff so one free
course leading into four courses often
means when someone comes from all four
courses now YouTube internal market
never really interesting tip of a free
course them emotionally educationally
well
so this is what you do create a free
course
regular live streaming events things
like this where people can come and chat
and jump in and you're allowed to send
education courses so
Mayumi courses somebody asked me when I
do get so many people watching her get
so many people because you know I get
fifty people watching simple because I
just probably eight thousand people you
know about 21,000 students now because I
send you know an announcement wanted and
now they're engaging with me off of you
to me not breaking any rules of
completely passed this is not tricking
anybody or break in the system you have
given this full support for now they're
engaging with me but think about this my
free course
educational so now I'm getting them to
engage me now live and now I can sit
down and it's the same principle
questions they can really test me don't
know I'm talking about myself and we're
just educating them again about the
subject and about my expertise in the
subject because I'm a marketing company
that sells training courses